[Music]
we're gonna need a bigger slingshot Fred
we've discovered a third island we need
to put aside our differences and work
together to save the world from being
destroyed what we really need is a hero
actually that positions been filled
silver she's super smart wait who's that
and why is she all over these
achievement award I just don't think
this is gonna work okay so what I'm
usually angry walk to herself
left-handed probably with fun being
alone I need some muscle
well that doctor okay guys
step 1 travel undetected to the island
pull the gadgets you see here have been
designed with your current mission in
mind first Bing and visit spray how long
does the invisibility last for forever
why Chiba we're not gonna be able to see
each other okay so what's the plan trust
me I know working with what we get
disguise
what's going on down there
hickeys challenging his 12 breakdance
battle
[Music]
oh it's on Wow - don't know get a fridge
in your back anyone smell bacon
[Music]
you